Move ServiceNow incident info to incident integrations (#33106)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/integrations/servicenow.md

1. In the left menu, click **Integrations**.
1. Find and click the **ServiceNow** integration tile to open the configuration.
2. Click the toggle for **Enable ServiceNow incident creation**.
3. Click the toggle for **Automatically create a ServiceNow incident**.
4. Add a condition to define when to automatically create a ServiceNow incident. If this condition is left blank, the integration creates a ServiceNow incident when Datadog creates an incident.

### Configure bidirectional sync

In ServiceNow, you can sync state, impact, and urgency bidirectionally with Incident Management.

1. In ServiceNow, click the globe icon in the top-right corner, then make sure the **Application Scope** is set to **ITOM/ITSM Integration for Datadog**.
2. In the top-left navigation menu, click **All**.
3. Type **ITOM/ITSM Integration for Datadog** in the filter.
4. Click the **Configuration** link from the filtered results, then enter the required settings:
   1. Select your **Datadog Data Center**.
   2. Paste in your **Datadog API Key**.
   3. Paste in your **Service Account Application Key** you created.
   4. Check the **Enabled** box.
5. Click **Save**.

> With bidirectional sync, when and incident is created in Datadog, a corresponding incident is also created in the linked ServiceNow instance. This ServiceNow incident includes a reference to the Datadog incident and stays in sync based on the defined [field mappings](#field-mappings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With bidirectional sync, when an incident is created in Datadog, a corresponding incident is also created in the linked ServiceNow instance. This ServiceNow incident includes a reference to the Datadog incident and stays in sync based on the defined [field mappings](#field-mappings).
```

|-------------------------------|------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------|
| SEV-1                         | 1                      | 1                     | 1 - Critical            |
| SEV-2                         | 1                      | 2                     | 2 - High                |
| SEV-2                         | 2                      | 1                     | 2 - High                |
| SEV-3                         | 1                      | 3                     | 3 - Moderate            |
| SEV-3                         | 2                      | 2                     | 3 - Moderate            |
| SEV-3                         | 3                      | 1                     | 3 - Moderate            |
| SEV-4                         | 2                      | 3                     | 4 - Low                 |
| SEV-4                         | 3                      | 2                     | 4 - Low                 |
| SEV-5 (Minor)                 | 3                      | 3                     | 5 - Planning            |
| Unknown                       | 3                      | 3                     | 5 - Planning            |

> **Note**: If `Start at SEV-0` is enabled in Incident Management settings, the values in `ServiceNow Urgency`, `ServiceNow Impact`, and `ServiceNow Priority` will all stay the same, but the `Datadog Incident Severity` shifts down by 1. For example, in the first row of this table, the Datadog Incident Severity would be 0, but the rest of the values in the rest of the row would stay the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If `Start at SEV-0` is enabled in Incident Management settings, the values in `ServiceNow Urgency`, `ServiceNow Impact`, and `ServiceNow Priority` all stay the same, but the `Datadog Incident Severity` shifts down by one. For example, in the first row of this table, the `Datadog Incident Severity` would be `0`, but the rest of the values in the rest of the row would stay the same.
```
